Mission 1: On the Run (Standard base mission with evacuation required) [Exodus]
You just escaped and are hiding out in a canyon; unfortunately the area is volcanically
active and the bad guys are looking for you.  Grow your colony and evacuate before you
are destroyed by lava or superior firepower.
Enemies: Plymouth units, lava
Base mission


Mission 2: Sabotage (Stealthy unit mission) [Extraction]
Plant spies in Eden.  Liberate some captive scientists and destroy the labs they were in.
Unbeknownst to the players, destroying those labs releases what will come to be known as
the Blight.  Players can't destroy too much Eden equipment though (fail the mission if they
destroy anything other than labs, turrets, units, and VFs) as that will allow Plymouth to
focus all of their might on the Exiles, and the Exiles can't survive that.
Enemies: Eden base, invisible Blight (eventually)
Unit mission

Commanders,
We have successfully relocated our base, far from the prying eyes of both Eden and Plymouth.
We believe both colonies will be too preoccupied fighting each other to pay much attention
to us, but in order for us to survive we will have to remain beneath their notice.  This
makes your next mission all the more complicated: several important scientists sympathetic
to our cause are being forced to work for Eden.  These scientists have been feeding us
information, but they suspect Eden security is now aware of their actions.  We must
infiltrate the colony, liberate these scientists, and do so while attracting as little
attention as possible.

Eden is heavily militarized of late, but most of their forces are engaged in battle with
Plymouth; thus most of their defenses are static fortifications.  The scientists have
identified two power stations, one west and the other south of the colony, that power these
fortifications; destroying them should allow your forces to get past the outer perimeter,
but be aware that the destruction of these facilities will likely attract attention.
Keep in mind that a direct attack on an active military unit or structure will provoke
a counterattack, one which your forces are unlikely to survive.

The lab our scientists are held in works on highly sensitive projects, including experimental
weapons technology.  Expect the lab to be defended by some of these weapons.  Luckily, the
lab's defenses are kept on a network isolated from the rest of the colony's defenses; you
should be able to destroy these without raising an alert.  Once the area around the lab is
clear, move an Evacuation Transport next to the lab to rescue the scientists.

It is imperative that we continue to receive intelligence reports from inside the colony.
Move the specially modified Scouts next to the Eden Command Center to plant some of our
spies within the colony.

Lastly, the conflict between Eden and Plymouth is the only reason we are still alive.
Although it may be tempting, if we were to destroy Eden now, Plymouth would be able to
throw its entire military might into hunting us down, and all projections show they would
completely annihilate us.  Minimize collateral damage as much as possible: destroy only
what you need to, and under no circumstances are you to destroy the Command Center or
any factories or smelters.

Time is of the essence, Commanders.
Good luck.

Mission 3: Crossfire (Hold-out mission with bases) [Expatriates]
Several scientists are defecting to our side; defend the outpost they're hiding in until
reinforcements arrive.

Briefing:
Our spies in Eden report the colony has been abandoned and the survivors relocated elsewhere.
Official reports blame an experimental chemical weapon involving a highly corrosive gas that
was accidentally activated when we destroyed the Eden hotlab during our recent raid, though
some of our scientists doubt the veracity of these reports.  Curiously, satellite imagery
suggets the same thing has happened to Plymouth.  Whatever the cause of these recent events,
our new base is remote enough that we are not in any immediate danger.

The defecting scientists we rescued from Eden have been vetted and are recovering at a remote
installation.  Unfortunately, it appears one of the defectors was a mole, and we have reason
to believe she was able to notify Eden of the location of the outpost prior to her discovery.
The outpost is fortified well enough that Eden will not be able to mount a direct assault on
it without diverting too many forces from its many battles with Plymouth for a few weeks,
but it will eventually fall.  Our analysts believe we should evacuate the scientists now,
while Eden only has a minor presence in the area.

We will move the scientists in several Evacuation Transports.  Multiple transports will
depart simultaneously, moving along different paths, forcing Eden to thin its forces.  You
will escort the transports to safety.

These people are counting on you, Commanders.
Good luck.

OLD:
We have received reports that both colonies have armed escorts en route to a Conestoga
crash site to retrieve wreckage from the starship.  We are not sure for what purpose they
are doing this, but the Council has decided that if both colonies are willing to fight over
this, then retrieving the wreckage before either of them can is our top priority.
Enemies: Eden units, Plymouth units (not allied)
Base mission (small outpost, extensive rubble; must use to supplement mining)

Mission 4: Contingency (wreckage recovery mission with bases) [Excavation]
We have discovered that the "chemical weapon" that forced the evacuation of Eden and
Plymouth is in fact Eden's experimental terraforming microbe.  Our scientists call it
"The Blight" and we have reason to believe it is lethal to humans.  Although we are still
not in any immediate danger, projections show the microbe grows at an alarming rate.  We are
looking into a way to stop this threat, but we believe our best chance at survival is to
build a new starship and escape to another world.  Since Eden and Plymouth were both
interested in the starship wreckage we recently recovered, we can only assume they have
reached the same conclusion.  If we hold the key to their survival, we can only expect
their attacks to become more frequent in their desperation.

Satellite reconnaissance has detected Plymouth forces trailing our convoy returning from
the Conestoga crash site.  We cannot afford to lose the wreckage we recovered, but likewise
we cannot lead Plymouth back to our primary base.  We have prepared a small outpost that we
will divert the wreckage convoy to.  Defend the outpost and use what we learn to begin
construction of our new starship.


Enemies: Plymouth (base or units, not decided yet), Blight
Base mission

Mission 5: [Extraction]
A Plymouth outpost, under threat from the Blight, has contacted the Exiles seeking help.
Plymouth's leadership suspects the civlians are sympathetic to the rebels, and refuses to
let them evacuate, hoping to use them as an example.  Military patrols have been put in place,
and several transports attempting to flee have already been destroyed by Plymouth forces.

Rebel forces will sneak in under cover of darkness to escort the escaping civilians past
the blockade.  The civilians have been preparing an evacuation convoy in secret.  The convoy
is hidden inside the outpost's Garages and will be deployed following an "accident" at the
Tokamak.  Vehicles must keep their lights off to avoid detection by Plymouth forces.  Turning
lights on strategically can be used to sacrifice a unit, luring patrols away from the convoy.

About halfway through the mission, the sun rises and it looks like the patrols will hunt the convoy down.
Then the Blight spawns, conveniently wiping out the patrols, but turning the mission into a race against the clock.

Mission 6:
Following the run-in with the Blight, the Exiles now realize the gravity of the situation and are redoubling their
starship efforts.  Since rocket launches would allow Eden and Plymouth to identify the location of the hidden Exiles
base, a temporary outpost must be constructed along New Terra's equator; unfortunately the only viable location
is the site of Eden and Plymouth's latest skirmish.  The mission starts with a cutscene of a Plymouth base being
destroyed by Eden forces.  Plymouth reinforcements spawn and the two sides fight; the players eliminate any
stragglers and build over the ruins of the Plymouth base.  Players must then deal with E/P forces constantly entering
the map, which sometimes target each other, but sometimes go after the players.

Enemies: Eden units, Plymouth units, Blight (E/P hostile to each other)
Base mission

Mission 7:


Enemies: Eden base
Unit mission

Mission 8:

Penultimate Mission(s):
Following a massive buildup, the Exiles are ready for a full-scale assault... but who will they attack?
Either way, each player will get a powerful army to fight a big battle with.

A (vs. Eden):
Spies report Eden has abandoned its Blight counteragent program and is throwing all of its weight into its belated
starship program.  To try to make up for lost time, Eden has developed RLVs.  The Exiles will raid the colony,
steal the RLVs (and the data for how to make them), retrieve their spies, and destroy the Spaceports, Advanced Labs,
and Vehicle Factories.  Beating this mission will allow the Exiles to start the final mission with RLVs, and Eden
will have far fewer Thor's Hammer Tigers during the mission.

B (vs. Plymouth):
Analysis of recent satellite imagery indicates Plymouth has made a worrying development: they are weaponizing their
SULVs.  These new missiles can strike anywhere on the planet, but we suspect their true purpose is to allow Plymouth
to disable our Skydock and commandeer our starship.  The Exiles will raid the colony, steal the EMP Missile data,
and destroy the Spaceports, Advanced Labs, and Vehicle Factories.  Beating this mission will allow the Exiles to
research Nuclear Weapons in the final mission, and Plymouth will not be able to use EMP Missiles during the mission.

Final Mission: Exodus
We have nearly completed our starship and are prepared to abandon this dying world.
Unfortunately, the enemy has finally located our main base and, in their desperation,
Eden and Plymouth have allied against us.  Hold them off long enough to complete the
starship and evacuate our people to it.
Enemies: Eden and Plymouth armies (allied), Blight
Base mission
