Commanders,

Your recent encounter with the Blight has made us realize exactly how much of a threat Eden's out of control
terraforming microbe truly is.  Analysis suggests that already, nearly 20% of the planet has been made uninhabitable.
Although we will one day have to come to terms with the fact that we are responsible for letting the Blight loose
upon New Terra, right now our starship program must become our top priority if we are to safeguard the future of
our people.

Thankfully, your recent rescue operation may have provided some unexpected assistance on that front.  News of your
actions has somehow spread across the planet and has generated a great deal of sympathy for our cause.  One
particular Eden mining outpost has sent word that they are prepared to overthrow their current leadership and commit
themselves to our cause.  Liberating this outpost would provide us with easy access to vital resources far from the
Blight, and furthermore, this colony is located within New Terra's equatorial regions, making it an ideal site for
rocket launches.

A convoy has been prepared to attack the Eden forces defending the outpost.  Our contacts within the colony have
sabotaged the local Robot Command network.  When our forces arrive, they will shut it down, disabling all enemy
vehicles for a brief period of time.  Use this window to capture or destroy as many vehicles as you can, but be
aware that the colony's Guard Posts are on a separate command network and will still be operational.  Once it is
safe to do so, escort the specially modified Evacuation Transports to the colony's Command Centers.  Commando teams
will enter the colony and work with the rebels to bring it under our control.

Satellites have observed several new weapons systems we're unfamiliar with deployed around the colony, and a new type
of combat vehicle, which our spies report is called the "Tiger", has been spotted operating in the area.  Unlike the
Lynx and the Panther, the Tiger was built from the ground up as a war machine.  It is highly durable, equipped with
heavy armor, and is armed with a unique dual-turret weapons system.  After securing the colony, we must try to recover
whatever engineering data may remain in the research database so that we may produce these units ourselves.

As the Blight continues to spread, planetary conditions continue to deteriorate.  Our meteorologists have reported
dangerous wind storms, which they have dubbed vortexes, increasing in both frequency and intensity.  Atmospheric
conditions along the equator are especially prone to generating these wind storms, which could prove to be a major
threat to our vehicles and structures.  Our EDWARD Satellite is already able to give us some advanced warning before
these vortexes manifest, but further research will give us more time to prepare for them.

A review of the schematics for the Conestoga, the starship that brought us to New Terra, has given our scientists a
better idea of what our own starship will need for a successful voyage.  Use this opportunity to develop these new
components and place them into orbit.  Our engineers have also devised a prototype solar power satellite, capable of
generating power in orbit and beaming it to a receiver station on the planet's surface.  Due to the high mobility
and temporary bases our operations require, the Council is extremely interested in refining and deploying this
technology.

This rebellion will not go unnoticed.  Eden will respond and attempt to recapture or, more likely, destroy the colony.
We must build and maintain a standing army large enough to properly defend the colony.  Be prepared to defend against
attacks from all directions, but do not forget about your other objectives.

This operation could be a major turning point for our cause.  Fight well, Commanders.
