Commanders,

Our spies in Eden report the outpost was abandoned shortly after our raid, and the survivors
relocated elsewhere.  Official reports blame an experimental chemical weapon involving a
highly corrosive gas that was accidentally activated when we destroyed the Eden hotlab,
though some of our scientists doubt the veracity of these reports.  Satellite imagery reveals
extensive damage to the surviving structures; curiously, some automated systems still appear
to be operational.  Worryingly, imagery also suggets that whatever destroyed the Eden research
outpost has also effected a Plymouth mining station a few kilometers to the northest.  Whatever
the cause of these recent events, it appears to be spreading.  Our new base is remote enough
that we are not in any immediate danger, but we will continue to monitor the situation.

In the meantime, we have more pressing concerns to attend to.  We have brought the scientists
we rescued from Eden to a secret military outpost hidden in Perlman Canyon, to verify their
stories and allow them a chance to recuperate from their ordeal.  Unfortunately, it appears
one of these scientist was a loyalist mole.  Although the traitor has been dealt with, we
suspect she was able to notify Eden to the location of our outpost before she was discovered.
We are preparing to transfer the scientists to our main base, but computer projections show
that if they were to be relocated now, Eden military forces would overtake their escort
convoy, recapture or kill the scientists, and possibly be able to deduce the secret
location of our base.  We cannot allow this to happen.

Thus, our analysts believe our best course of action is to fortify the outpost now, while
Eden has only a minor military presence in the area.  Reinforcements are already en route
from our base, and computer simulations show a 70% chance they will arrive before Eden
can respond with enough force to overwhelm the defenders.  Unfortunately, this outpost is
lacking its own Structure Factory, so you will have to make do without.

Perlman Canyon is surprisingly rich in unusual kinds of ores.  Our outpost here was originally
built so we could study these so-called "rare ores", and is equipped with our new Rare Ore
Smelter facility.  Our scientists believe they can make use of these rare ores in the design
of new weapons technologies.

Although highly mobile, the Lynx may lack the durability to serve in a defensive role for as
long as you will need it to.  One of the rescued scientists was developing a reinforced
combat chassis and, although he destroyed much of his data before leaving Eden, he was able
to smuggle out blueprints for a prototype.  We believe bringing this design into
mass-production may give us the edge we need.

Some of our scientists have been experimenting with a way to generate localized
electromagnetic pulses powerful enough to temporarily disable vehicles and structures.
They have transmitted their data to the researchers stationed at this outpost, who are
eager to adapt this technology into a weapon and begin field tests.

Perlman Canyon is also home to an unusual weather phenomenon: dust storms accompanied by
static electrical discharges capable of damaging our structures and vehicles.  Though rare,
these electrical storms have been becoming increasingly common, and there have been rare
reports of these storm systems forming all over New Terra.  Researching these storms and
developing an early-warning system will keep our people happy and allow us to take
precautions.

Innocent lives are in your hands, Commanders.
Good luck.

