Commanders,

We have suffered a major setback: the Eden outpost you recently liberated has been completely destroyed by a
massive Plymouth attack force.  We have reason to believe the attack was specifically targetting us, not Eden, and
had to do with our use of the colony as a launching site for our space program.  It seems Plymouth has developed a
way to quickly track the source of our launches.  We have not been able to identify any new satellites in orbit that
would explain this capability.  Until we can stop, or find a way to delay, their launch tracking program, we must
cease all development of our starship; it's simply too dangerous, and we currently have no way of defending against
the kind of firepower Plymouth can bring to bear against us.

In the meantime, we must take drastic measures to maximize our chances for survival.  Our spies have identified a
massive research complex, where Eden continues its efforts to develop a counteragent to combat the Blight.  It seems
that the researchers there may be on the cusp of a breakthrough.  Unfortunately, this research complex is also home
to Eden's weapons development program, which has made it a target for Plymouth.  We have detected an armed convoy
en route to the area, and we can only assume their objective is to destroy the base there.  Eden has dispatched
reinforcements to defend the base, but estimates suggest they will not make it in time.

If we want to procure Eden's research data, it seems we will have to defend the base ourselves.  We have prepared a
small military outpost in the foothills northeast of the complex.  Although initial construction has been completed,
additional Smelters and Vehicle Factories will be needed to build up our forces quickly enough.  Morale has been
holding steady for now but is beginning to fluctuate, so don't neglect the needs of our people.

Eden has multiple Advanced Labs in the area that share a secure network.  Each lab maintains backups of all research
data; so as long as one lab is able to finish the counteragent research, we will be able to acquire the data we need.
However, the more labs that remain operational, the sooner Eden will be able to finish the research.  Protecting
multiple labs will allow you to complete your mission more quickly, but don't stretch your forces too thin.

Once Eden has finished its research project, use a Scout to transmit the data from any operational Advanced Lab.
Our scientists will then need some time to analyze the data and hopefully find something we can use to buy us time
against the Blight.  Once that analysis is complete, we can then abandon the area, and let the conflict between
Eden and Plymouth play out on its own.

One final word of caution: Eden does not welcome our assistance.  Their forces will fire on us, and you should
expect them to launch attacks against our outpost.  Defend our position as necessary but avoid confrontation
with their forces as much as possible.  Plymouth may also divert some of its forces to attack us, so be ready for
anything.

Keep those labs safe, Commanders.  Our survival depends on getting that research.
