Commanders,

We have successfully relocated our base, far from the prying eyes of both Eden and Plymouth.
We believe both colonies will be too preoccupied fighting each other to pay much attention
to us, but in order for us to survive we will have to remain beneath their notice.  This
makes your next mission all the more complicated: several important scientists sympathetic
to our cause are being forced to work for Eden.  These scientists have been feeding us
information, but they suspect Eden security is now aware of their actions.  We must
infiltrate the colony, liberate these scientists, and do so while attracting as little
attention as possible.

Eden is heavily militarized of late, but most of their forces are engaged in battle with
Plymouth, and this research outpost is remote enough that reinforcements will not be able
to respond in time.  Nevertheless, a sizeable force remains in the area, and there are a
significant number of static fortifications definding this site.  The scientists have
identified two power stations, one west and the other south of the colony, that power these
fortifications; destroying them should allow your forces to get past the outer perimeter, but
be aware that the destruction of these facilities will likely attract attention.  Keep in
mind that a direct attack on an active military unit or structure will provoke a
counterattack, one which your forces are unlikely to survive.

The lab our scientists are held in works on highly sensitive projects, including experimental
weapons technology.  Expect the lab to be defended by some of these weapons.  Luckily, the
lab's defenses are kept on a network isolated from the rest of the outpost's defenses; you
should be able to destroy these without raising an alert.  Once the area around the lab is
clear, move an Evacuation Transport next to the lab to rescue the scientists.

Although liberating these scientists would be of great value to our cause, it is imperative
that we continue to receive intelligence reports from inside the colony.  We will use the
confusion caused by our raid as an opportunity to plant spies within Eden.  Move the
specially modified Scouts next to the Command Center, and these brave volunteers will
infilitrate the outpost.  Minimize collateral damage as much as possible to maximize
the effectiveness of our spies; under no circumstances are you to destroy the
outpost's Command Center or any of its factories or smelters.

Time is of the essence, Commanders.
Good luck.