Commanders,

The liberated scientists have successfully been relocated, and salvage teams were able to
recover most of our assets and materials.  If Eden were to mount another attack against
the outpost, all they would find now would be an empty desert.  Our people have been
galvanized by your victory, which will keep morale strong in these difficult times.
We're going to need a source of hope, because we have made a terrible discovery.

Our spies have uncovered the truth of the mysterious "chemical weapon" that was released
during our raid on the Eden research outpost.  They have discovered that, when we destroyed
the hot lab, we unwittingly released a mutated microbe, developed as part of Eden's
terraforming experiments.  Eden's scientists call it "The Blight"; it is lethal to humans,
is not stopped by our structures' environmental seals, can compromise our vehicle's
on-board boptronic computers, and has already infected everything within a 1,500 km radius
of where it was released.

Supposedly, Eden's top scientists are working on a counter-agent, but we do not want to leave
our fate in the hands of our oppressors, and lack the expertise or technical details of the
microbe to develop our own counter-agent.  After much deliberation, the Council has decided
our best hope for survival is to begin construction of a new starship we can use to evacuate
the planet.  We have prepared a research expedition to the crash site of the Conestoga, the
starship that brought our ancestors to New Terra.

The purpose of this mission is to pave the way for our new Space Program.  We will need to
design a dedicated facility for manufacturing and launching rockets and their cargo into
orbit.  Our scientists have already proposed designs for a satellite capable of advanced
disaster prediction, and an orbital command and control facility to oversee the construction
of the starship.  Developing and placing both of these projects into orbit would be an
excellent first step for our Space Program.

Advance teams have identified several pieces of starship wreckage intact enough that we
should be able to reverse engineer useful technologies.  Load the identified wreckage into
Cargo Trucks, then return it to a Spaceport for processing.

Our scouts have also reported being fired on by Plymouth forces operating in the area.  We
are not sure why they are here, but if they are aware of the threat of the Blight, it's
likely Plymouth's leaders have reached the same conclusions as us and are also planning to
abandon the planet.  If so, it is unlikely they will simply let us "have" the wreckage.
They have positioned their forces around several large chunks of wreckage, but it looks
like they haven't yet determined what is and is not valuable.  Since we already know what
we're looking for, we'll have to use this to our advantage while we have the chance.

Be prepared for a fight, Commanders.
